Support, openapi spec added (#458)
fastify/fastify-swagger: README.md

  fastify.swagger()
})
```

<a name="openapi.spec"></a>

> ## OpenAPI spec (specification)

Reviewer: I think this is not correct. It should be named "OpenAPI validation formats".

Author: okey

> There are three way to enable open api specification

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
There are three way to enable the use of OpenAPI validation formats:
```

 | Option             | Default          | Description                                                                                                               |
 | ------------------ | ---------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
 | exposeRoute        | false            | Exposes documentation route.                                                                                              |

>  | customCompiler        | false  | if it's `true` means fastify will support swagger open api specs (binary, byte, int32, int64) as a schema                                                                                            |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 | customCompiler        | false  | If  `true` enable OpenAPI validation formats (binary, byte, int32, int64) as a schema                                                                                            |
```

Reviewer 2: This option also needs to be moved to be above "exposeRoute" as the table is sorted alphabetically ascending.
